The father emperor will hold this palace accountable with only one memorial
It really makes Ben Gong sad
It's a felony to resist leading troops in the past
You are crazy
I've gone crazy
I have been a princess for so many years
On Literature, Taoism and Martial Arts from Childhood to Growing Up
Work hard
I can't compare to the minister
Father, I am also your child
I also have the punishment to rule the world
You don't want to give me any real power
you
Father abdicate
I don't want to increase my anger
There are 10,000 ways to govern and serve.
But you chose to collude with the Devil Sect, cooperate with the enemy and betray the country
Ignoring the righteousness of the country
Rule the dawn people regardless
Even if you win the throne
Midweek will be in your hands sooner or later
Nonsense and Demon Eyelashes
This is how I expand my power
What do you understand?
Princes and generals have a kind of cave
I am a 3 year old child
Everyone knows the danger of the Demon Cult invading the Central Plains
What you say is so grand
But also for myself
Leave it to the highest power and do whatever it takes
Road to King
Each one is a snow sonny
Today, this palace will be operated by you
There is something wrong with this sword
This sword was given to me by the sect master
It is accompanied by the leader's three-point god messenger bereavement daughter
How many do you think you can catch?